#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is the formulation of the two-phase and three phase problems in a chalk
 reservoir.
 The idea is to first run a capillary and gravity driven flow of oil and
 water in a reservoir with a mild heterogeneity and then use the distribution
 of the oil phase to estimate the available interfacial area and estimate
 the biodegradation of oil to methane.
 The first model uses a simple Monod kinetic for the methanation reaction.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We first begin with a simple 1D model with a specified uniform remaining
 oil saturation.
 This model does not solve for the two phase flow but only considers the
 biodegradation of oil.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Mathematical model
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The mathematical model consists of several consecutive steps that closely
 follows the physics of the nanocatalysed methanation reaction.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Nanoparticle injection and adsorption in the reservoir
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Biomass growth and biological conversion of oil to methane
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Migration of the produced gas in the reservoir
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Nanoparticle flow and adsorption in the reservoir
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The flow of nanoparticles int he reservoir can be described by the following
 equation:
\begin_inset Formula 
\[
advective\:transport+filtration+adsorption
\]

\end_inset

where ...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The above equation is solved assuming no filtration of nanoparticles in
 the reservoir.
 We also assume that the particles are designed such that they adsorb uniformly
 on the oil/water and rock/water interfaces.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The model consists of a domain initially filled with a uniform saturation
 of oil and water.
 The water phase contains nutrients and that quickly diffuse to the oil-water
 interface.
 Therefore, the reaction is rate-controlled.
 At this stage, we do not use the enhance rate due to the presence of catalysts.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For the bacterial growth, we assume that the microbial population is homogeneous
 and therefore we can assume that all the cells are capable of dividing
 to two new cells.
 We also assume that the new cells created by the division of the bacteria
 will have the same average size as the previous generation.
 This assumption leads to the the same doubling time for both the number
 of cells per unit volume (cell concentration) and the mass of dry bacteria
 per unit volume of the culture (bacterial density).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Monod kinetic reads
\begin_inset Formula 
\[
monod
\]

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
where ...
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
